Se 10252 assign resources business group (#92)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/business-groups.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Business groups are self-contained resource groups that contain Anypoint Platform resources such as APIs and applications. Business groups provide a way to separate and control access to Anypoint Platform resources, as users have access only to the business groups in which they have a role.

Reviewer: Okay, this is a really granular thought: should "such as APIs and applications" be reversed, to "such as applications and APIs"?

Reviewer: The use of "as" for "because" is a translation no-no. Not that we seem too concerned with that...at least, not as much as my former writing group.

Reviewer: Could "...users have access only to the business groups in which they have a role" be simplified to "users can access only the resources in their own business groups"? 
Or do we want to emphasize user ROLEs?

Author: ```suggestion
Business groups are self-contained resource groups that contain Anypoint Platform resources such as applications and APIs. Business groups provide a way to separate and control access to Anypoint Platform resources because users have access only to the business groups in which they have a role.
```

If you are an organization administrator and your organization is enabled for business group support, you can create business groups within your organization. The organization administrator is also the administrator of any business groups within the organization.

> Business groups provide more fine grained control over access to resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Business groups provide more fine-grained control over access to resources.
```
Consider also "granular" or even "precise."

image::organization-2b25c.png[]

> Since business groups are hierarchical, the owner of a parent business group always retains administrator permissions for any child business group within that parent. The owner of a business group can create child business groups and assign another user (who has the *Organization Administrators* role) as an owner of those child business groups. The owner of the parent group remains an *Organization Administrator* within the child business group.

Reviewer: Similar translation thang: "since" > "because"

Reviewer: "within that parent" > "of that parent"?

Reviewer: The owner hierarchy text is a bit dense, and I think we are missing a "parent" in the second sentence.
Could we simplify to ...:
```suggestion
Because business groups are hierarchical, the owner of a parent business group automatically has and retains administrator permissions for any child business group of that parent, even it they make another *Organization Administrators* user owner of a child business group.
```
I don't know...is that simpler?

When you create a business group under another business group, only the redistributable entitlements, such as VPCs and load balancers, that were assigned to the parent business group can be allocated to the child business group.

== Create a Business Group

> When you create a new business group under the top-level business group, all the current users with the *Organization Administrators* role in the top-level business group appear in the list of users in the newly created business group.

Reviewer: Here is where terminology gets wonky: are these "new business groups" "children" of the "top-level" ("parent")?

I have the same issue when trying to refer to types of topics. Are they...
topics
child topics
subtopics
Level-2 topics
AND
super topics
container topics
parent topics
main topics
Level-1 topics

Reviewer: If possible, standardize or clarify any nuanced differences.

Author: This is legacy content that I didn't actually modify. Wasn't supposed to be in scope. But I will mull this over.

  * Select *Owner can create Business Groups* to allow the owner to create child business groups under this business group.
  * Select *Owner can create environments* to allow the owner to create environments within this business group.
  * You can assign some or all of the redistributable resources (vCores, VPCs, and so on) that your organization owns to an individual business group. This ensures that the resources are used by the CloudHub deployments that belong to the business group. You can assign the resources when you create the business group, or edit these settings later.

>   * *Enable CloudHub global deployment*: This option is available only if global deployment is enabled on the parent business group. When global deployment is enabled, the region is auto-populated according to the default region you specified.

Reviewer: I viewed the topic in print form to see what this list looks like.

(Although it is not changed text, the intro to Step 3, "In the dialog box, enter:", is not a grammatical fit for each of the listed actions, so I would rethink "enter.")

Because this is a list (and sublist), please use our standard bullet-list format:
```suggestion
  * *Enable CloudHub global deployment* 
  +
  This option is available only if global deployment is enabled on the parent business group. When global deployment is enabled, the region is auto-populated according to the region you specified.
```
Did the user specify a default region, or just a region that acts like a default after being specified?

Author: I have no idea. I did not write this content and admittedly didn't read it. I think I'll have to look at this topic more holistically at some point.

> * *Static IPs*: This option is available only if the parent business group has static IPs assigned to it. This option enables the use of static IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Static IPs*
+
This option is available only if the parent business group has static IPs assigned to it. This option enables the use of static IP addresses.
```

=== Create a Child Business Group

> You can create hierarchical levels of business groups to provide more control over access.

Reviewer: "user access"?

Reviewer: Also, a more active possibility...:
```suggestion
Create a business group hierarchy to help you better control user access to <what?>.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Create a business group hierarchy to help you better control user access to resources.
```

> . Click the blue *+* icon on the left of the business group in which to create the child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the blue *+* icon to the left of the business group in which you want to create the child.
```

. In the *Add Business Group* dialog, enter a *Business Group name* and *Owner*, then select from these options: +

> * *Owner can create Business Groups*: Organization administrators can create child business groups within the business group for which they are the owner.

Reviewer: ditto re. bullet-list format in our style ref
```suggestion
* *Owner can create Business Groups*
+
Organization administrators can create child business groups in a business group that they own.
```

> * *Owner can create environments*: Organization administrators can create environments within the business group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Owner can create environments*
+
Organization administrators can create environments within their business groups.
```
Has the audience been told or already know about environments and what this means?

Author: If they've gotten this far, yes.

> * *Enable CloudHub global deployment*: This option is available only if global deployment is enabled on the parent business group. When global deployment is enabled, the region is auto-populated according to the default region you specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Enable CloudHub global deployment*
+
This option is available only if global deployment is enabled on the parent business group. When global deployment is enabled, the region is auto-populated according to the region you specified.
```

* *Static IPs*: This option is available only if the parent business group has static IPs assigned to it. This option enables the use of static IP addresses.
. Click *Add Business Group*. +

> The business group appears in the hierarchy under the parent business group.

Reviewer: Just an alternative:
```suggestion
The new business group appears in the parent business group hierarchy.
```

> === Navigate Between Business Groups

Reviewer: After reviewing this text, I now wonder if we need to break the navigation discussion into three parts:
- Navigation within a parent group to a subgroup in that parent
- Navigation within a parent group between subgroups of that parent
- Navigation between parent groups

Author: Not in scope. I'll have to look into this later.

To belong to a business group, you must be granted a role within that business group. Once you are visible in a business group, you can be granted individual permissions in that business group. All users, regardless of which business groups they are in, belong to the master organization and can be assigned individual permissions in the master organization.

> Members that are added to a business group can view and access the business group, but to access certain resources, you must have the appropriate roles assigned to you. For example, to access APIs and CloudHub deployments in the business group, you must be assigned roles that belong to that business group.

Reviewer: Okay, I've read this a few times and I think I understand how it works but I want to be sure and also point out what caused me to reread:

1. You nonadmin user belong to a business group (BGA) when you are given a (basic?) role within it (named?)

2. Once a nonadmin user in group BGA, an admin must grant you an _additional_ role to be a user or admin in subgroup Deployment.
So the sentence that says being given a role in BGA gives you the ability _to view and access the BGA_ is misleading, because you cannot access the BGA subgroup Deployment.

So...subgroups require nonadmin users to be further granted a role to access them, even though they are in the container group and the nonadmin user belongs to the container group.

Reviewer: I'm sort of jonesing for a graphic with groups on one side and users and permissions on the other, and arrows.

> For example, if you have the *Organization Administrators* role in BusinessGroupA, you can grant users access to APIs and CloudHub deployments in BusinessGroupA.

Reviewer: For ME, this does not further explain the previous example, because this example focuses on the admin user instead of the nonadmin user.

. In the *Business Group Info* dialog, click *Delete Business Group*.
. In the confirmation dialog, enter the name of the business, then click *Delete*.

== Redistribute Resources between Existing Business Groups

You may need to redistribute your production, sandbox, and design vCores based on deployment of apps in your business groups.
You can distribute vCores from your master organizations to business groups and their child business groups.
Note that a child business group can only receive resources that are available in the parent business group. For example, a child business group cannot receive sandbox vCores if the parent business group does not have any sandbox vCores available. 
When modifying the business group's resources, if a resource is unavailable, it does not appear in the *Business Group Info* window.

You must have the Organization Administrator permission to redistribute resources.

. In the Anypoint Platform *Access Management* page, click *Organization*.
. Click the name of existing business group.

> +The *Business Group Info* window appears, showing the business group settings.

Author: ```suggestion
The *Business Group Info* window appears, showing the business group settings.
```

. In the *Business Group Info* dialog, click *Delete Business Group*.
. In the confirmation dialog, enter the name of the business, then click *Delete*.

> == Redistribute Resources between Existing Business Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups
```
container groups or subgroups or both?

> You may need to redistribute resources (such as vCores, VPCs, load balancers, and so on) based on deployment of apps in your business groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to redistribute resources (such as vCores, VPCs, load balancers, and so on) based on deployment of apps in your business groups.
```
To ME, the "based on" text is unclear. Can we give a specific "for instance, when you want to achieve/do <this> because of <this other situation that your current distribution does not account for>.

Author: That varies per resource. Most of the time it has to do with number of apps deployed.

> The business group structure creates a hierarchical distribution of resources that prevents child business groups from consuming resources that the master organization needs to distribute elsewhere or use itself.

Reviewer: child-master? vs. child-parent?

Author: We still, unfortunately, refer to the org as the master org.

As such, you can distribute resources from your master organization to business groups and then to their child business groups.
The business group that receives resources can either consume them or distribute them to child business groups for consumption or further delegation.

> A child business group can only receive resources that are available in the parent business group that is directly above it in the hierarchy.

Reviewer: Can this be said more simply:
```suggestion
The business group hierarchy prevents a child business group from consuming resources from either its parent group or the master organization unless an Organization Administrator redistributes those resources. Resource distribution proceeds from master to parent to child.
```

For example, a child business group cannot receive sandbox vCores if the parent business group does not have any sandbox vCores available, even if the master organization has sandbox vCores available.

> Additionally, the master organization or parent business group cannot reclaim resources that are currently allocated to a business group that is lower in the hierarchy.

Reviewer: I would move this to the end of the task, saying something like "Resources reallocated to subordinate business groups cannot be reclaimed by superior groups (parent or master).

Author: They need to know this before they get started, since this will affect how they distribute resources.

> You must have the Organization Administrator permission to redistribute resources.

Reviewer: See above

Reviewer: Oops...we need the vCore intro. 
OK...how about...:

Imagine that a child business group needs (additional?) sandbox vCores, which the master organization has but the parent group does not. As an Organization Adminstrator, you solve this problem as follows:

> . In the Anypoint Platform *Access Management* page, click *Organization*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Anypoint Platform, navigate to the *Access Management* page and click *Organization*.
```

> . Click the name of existing business group. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the name of a business group. +
```
...because you cannot click the name of a nonexistent group....

> The *Business Group Info* window appears, showing the business group settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Business Group Info* window appears, showing the group settings.
```
...just to lessen the repetition of the full name

Author: We cannot shorten this. "business group" is a feature.

> . Enter the number of vCores you want the business group to have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter the number of vCores that you want the parent business group to have.
```

Author: It's not necessarily a parent.

. Click *Save changes*.

> 

Reviewer: Do we need the following description of what the UI shows after your reassign resources?
Seems to me that the conclusion of the topic is reached right here.

Author: It doesn't change beyond the sliders and numbers they adjusted.

> The minimum value for a resource's slider equals the amount of the resource that is reassigned to child business groups plus the amount of the resource currently in use by the business group.
> If a resource is unavailable to a business group, the resource does not appear as a slider in the *Business Group Info* window for the selected business group.

Reviewer: This does not make sense to me without a screen cap, but perhaps your audience does not need one....
Maybe...:
```suggestion
The *Business Group Info* window includes a resource slider showing a minimum value that equals the amount of the resource that is reassigned to child business groups plus the amount of the resource currently in use by the business group. Unavailable resources are not represented by a slider in the window.
```

. In the *Business Group Info* dialog, click *Delete Business Group*.
. In the confirmation dialog, enter the name of the business, then click *Delete*.

> == Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups

Author: ```suggestion
[[redistribute-resources]]
== Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups
```
